c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows.pdb
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Client.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Client.Engine.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Client.Windows.Core.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Client.Windows.Wizards.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.CoreLib.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Logging.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Service.Metadata.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Client.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Client.Engine.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Client.Windows.Core.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Client.Windows.Wizards.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.CoreLib.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Logging.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Service.Metadata.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\obj\Debug\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows.g.resources
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\obj\Debug\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\obj\Debug\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\malikshi.p\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Rooms\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows\obj\Debug\Cenium.Rooms.Client.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
