c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Properties.Data.dll.config
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Properties.Data.XML
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Properties.Data.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Properties.Data.pdb
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Component.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.CoreLib.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Data.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Logging.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.ServerCore.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Service.Metadata.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Component.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.CoreLib.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Data.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Logging.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.ServerCore.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\Cenium.Framework.Service.Metadata.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\obj\Debug\Cenium.Properties.Data.dll
c:\users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\obj\Debug\Cenium.Properties.Data.pdb
C:\Users\malikshi.p\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cenium.Properties\Cenium.Properties.Data\obj\Debug\Cenium.Properties.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
